since my summer melody or a nice day
dirty where's over here is up you do it
can I have some of your soaps please no
subs please that's the only reason I'm
using this video with James it's because
I want some of yourself that is such a
coincidence because the only reason I
made the video I was going to talk about
it with you with for your subscribers so
recently we did a video talking about
miss Melanie coming out and and the tip
sizeable is on what to do
so we basically kind of did a tutorial
if I had to come out if you feel like
you want your close ones to know that
you might like the same sex in a bit of
a sexy way so that went down pretty well
but there was a few there were awful
comments on this video I'm so into James
Mitchell TV style we decided to take
screenshots of those and then name it
chamber people who have strong opinions
about us being disgusting I suppose for
people oh yes it is true but my
sexuality my being a human toilet in my
own time so that's that way the first
comment James you can convince yourself
all you want
loving the same sex is not normal it's
better than normal and let me tell you
you have not seen a late-night sword
fight at my house okay so how would you
respond to that
alright how would you reply to that see
you have one of these lovely justified
reactions - screaming yeah I try and
like understand where the person is
coming from
I try and reply and then like try and
make them realize how stupid what
they've said is in James's way is to say
your way like act as if their opinion
matters to them it matters does it
matter to you well then why are you
answering the question I'm wearing it
nice I'm going to have kids I'm not
going to touch them inappropriately and
if you don't like that you can say what
you want I'm still going to do it
thank you fans I read that because I
roses how disgusting you and your
friends are and that's one of the
reasons for your acne to your
bisexuality and disgusting gay friends I
learned something new every day on
YouTube you and knowing the same thing
on YouTube every day that I'm fat five
five gay five five five
dear Melanie I have enjoyed watching
your YouTube videos but when I saw this
I was a little disappointed God tells us
it is wrong to be with the same sex in
the Bible think about this if you put a
man on the female on an island in 100
years they will most likely have
descendents brothers and sisters but
whatever bet her sin what we're talking
about is disgust do you want to write
your brother you dirty bitch but if you
put two males or two females on an
island in 100 years there'll be no one
because they'll die off think of how
fabulously decorated that island would
be and how happy they would be when
they're dying it is wrong I hope you
would read this and rethink your
thoughts on this topic
Thanks so have you changed your mind
Hannah and hey I have not been rethought
my thoughts on this topic because you're
a god Carrie isn't my god and the Bible
also says that you can't eat bacon and
you can't wear gold so if you're going
to
pick things out of a book that was
edited throughout the centuries by
several different people then that's
your no ladies maybe your brother Hanna
you know the one you want to have sex
with her brother on that island and you
know what I'm such a nice person that I
don't care if you want to do that I see
your point but the thing is Ireland was
a converted Catholic country and we
shouldn't let all the hard work of st.
Patrick go to waste or God's work I
admire for outlawing abortion and I feel
as though the Catholic principles should
be upheld I am mixed with Irish and one
of the things that impressed the Irish
for is the Catholic qualities please no
hate this is my opinion okay
so st. Patrick Byrne abortion same-sex
marriage Catholic is the only way to be
Catholic is right and everyone else in
the world is wrong oh hey that's just
her baby this is my mobility when I say
dirty work over here is up you do it
this is just our opinion no hey no hey
yeah did you rewrite the parents but the
women wants to go to the islands and
make look to their brothers that's not
right that is not right at all but gay
people are disgusting I'm sorry I just
sitting on the Vice how the line knives
the long Oh scheisse I didn't say
straight guy
thanks so much for watching this video
I'm gonna have a link on screen and down
below in the description parrot to
Melanie's video where we talk all about
sexuality with the lovely react kay
thank you so much - Melanie for being in
this video and for letting me
to her home I have stolen so many of
your boyfriend's coming here right now I
don't but I have all your boyfriend's
underpants I need so thank God so Carrie
you just said that you did whop oh I
took a shit in your bathroom but the
great houseguest that you are what did
you do afterwards really like I'm not an
animal